The product is blended in the product only during the talk that is talked about by the reverse idea that it does not penetrate the skin
Enzyme as being
We hold a press conference on the new effects of Medienzyme
At the same time, a TV cm conference was held and the image character Atsuko Igarashi
Will appear
TV cm presentation started colorfully
Opening of the Velvets
Is it
Love is, of course, used and have our understanding of the Hello everyone night rich blue aura
I'm sorry
Beneath it received a shochu
Have
Please tell me the impression that was appeared in this contrast of beauty Cannes cosmetics cm
I also felt a bit embarrassed tongue so I became a long day after a long time
Really yes I am also happy that can be entered by the force of everyone
cm But it was a blue costume company, but it looks like it can be served today as well .
In blue or navy or something myself with something booming from about last year
I think that I choose it and buy something Yes
It is that there is a day that does not penetrate that Yes there is a cute buy when I first heard
And of that really I was a little surprised
To say that medically it is also backed
After all I felt like
That's why so
In theory
I 'm convinced , not convinced myself
It is not a view inside and outside, but also
A truly balanced eating party gets hospitalized
Good quality mint with nails
That 's a bit of
Even though I'm autonomy I have gotten in your favorite Cherry mon two deaf
Add some supplements like that
after
It is a strong spirit that does not really lose stress
It is the so-called not a of
Do you want to keep the beauty ? It is 10 beauty
I also wonder if it has become
Such number that everyone's Kedomo does not know came into the grandfather It's Thankfully
I would like to make an effort to answer it and answer
In fact this day Kana cosmetics night rich blue aura ah to ah
The Korean governor who used it is really the turn of the season when I received that little
Kedomo it was dry at the was
I do it Gachotto even though it was a beginning only one worried about
Of the places where I'm concerned about the virtuality
Also, if the drying is becoming no longer enter the mind
that
After all it is a woman that everyone should be absolutely simple
I think all the people are thinking so
It can respond to it
Yes, I thought it was 2 care, and I really thought it was a commercial tool
I 'm glad to let you
All of the women who want to get a by all means beautiful skin in
Well I ask you for politics
As you think that you will surely be convinced if you try using this once without fail and try its feeling, please
At the same time, an academic presentation of the cosmetic enzyme medenzyme was made
It is from me that we are the main concept of beauty Cannes cosmetics
I would like to talk about the beauty theory that does not penetrate the skin
It is whether high-penetration type product whitening cosmetics
And we will deliver also the effectiveness of the internal skin we used a special technique
It is said that various ingredients are also voluntarily
When it comes in and safety issues come out, it is our beauty Cannes cosmetics
Yes, all ingredients , including the Medienzyme
Orimashi stopped at the surface of the stratum corneum or the skin to exert the skin improvement function in this
The realization that disturb produce the skin with moisture to raise the result N moisturizing barrier function
I can do it
For example, if you want to improve skin, for example
It will be necessary for Nani to think more about beauty more
It is without spending without increasing the burden on the still body and skin
After all the skin inside and outside firmly in order to improve the skin
We think that we should offer product exactly while being daughter
It is summary, but media
Now , I 'm staying at the end without penetrating into cells
Media Enzyme will be a component to stay in the shit you write not recruits penetration of the skin
And
Well in the surface horny layer of the skin I suppress the small wrinkles of various up-down substances and the skin condition
Better by controlling
It is a highly innovative ingredient that is effective in improving skin problems and moisturizing
Why Medienzyme exerts a useful effect
As it is in the upper left
By ultraviolet rays is Toka external environment oxidative stress to the skin and skin
Given we've been exposed to atmospheric thereby to lipid peroxidation is increased in skin and skin
Put away
The lipid peroxide becomes a stimulus to various Hadanayami
It is rough skin best
It will be considered by the wind that Nikibishiwa stain leads to such a skin trouble
If there is a Medienzyme present and this external stress is suppressed
Or suppresses against inflammation and
Furthermore active oxygen collection
Depending on the to exert such a effect of Unkai suppress the volcano fruit
That's what this Medienzyme leads to healthy skin for your skin
I think that I can expect the effect
Here is the Night Rich Blue Aura introduced today
When I open the inside
Like
Very blue is impressive, but this is a beauty yellow sand midi enzyme
When I put here I'm such that the various derived from the
But smooth
I have a feeling of getting familiar with my skin
It's scales from the eyes of that skin care that does not penetrate the skin
It is a wish that a woman should have beautiful skin no matter how many
I also want to try new skin care